this is South Florida today on NBC six
way over it and we'll show you a new
treatment that you can keep that old
skin looking like it's brand-new
ooh Oh a very famous and wonderful
doctors here today you don't want to be
the beauty
but you know what every woman and every
man wants beautiful skin but as we all
grow older we start to look for one
product that can keep us feeling young
and looking good it probably doesn't
exist but someone who knows so much
about skin for years he's been basically
a pioneer in the skincare business is
joining us today dr. Zen Obagi welcome
and you really are a pioneer in
beautiful skin thank you three now I'm
enjoying my time here with you and I
hope we will give the audience all the
good tips they need to know wonderful
now I first got introduced to your
product through a dermatologist years
ago now but you're going to bring it to
everyone now right you see the concept
of healthy skin which I introduced about
more than 25 years ago now it says
absolutely the standard gold standard in
medical offices plastic surgeon and
dermatologist and I wanted the public to
enjoy the benefit of pulses came to so
we are introducing a non-medical line
that fulfilled the concept of healthy
skins
makes skin beautifully smooth even in
color tight and protected not dry and
not sensitive okay now I know one of the
big things you are really really
passionate about is don't wait until you
need the problem you have the problem in
need the help absolutely I believe from
the innovation from ages 0 to 10 or
years old you will have active skin from
age 10 to 25 your skin change from age
25 30 and up skin good sleep
so we nearly know to keep skin active
and this is something never nobody talks
about a lot if we can't keep skin
actually of the cells renewing itself
the vitality within the skin nobody can
age nobody should age everybody say
looking young and looking their best
okay talk to me about a couple of the
products that you're going to be showing
today at Merrick Park right Varick for
like four that's right so what we have
is two things we have to cleanse skin
once we cleanse skin once or twice a day
we have to put on the skin something
that makes DNA or antioxidants that
makes skin more resistant to the Sun and
pollution so this is M of every product
we have here is a functioning product so
after you put the yura and antioxidant
by
see to protect your skin you have to put
a sunscreen and we created the concept
called smarts and protections absolutely
others were done the others were just
really concentrating or pitting if some
chemicals or blockers and most of that
will wipe out to breakdown within 45
minutes you have no protection okay
because the natural protection ability
of the still reside in melanin we
provided now sunscreen with melanin with
melon and with the blockers so that will
give you a better protection and make
you keep your skin and best shape and
not change with the Sun and the
smartphone protection would be make us
feel strong with the antioxidant vitamin
C but the some protection with melanin
and you go enjoy the Sun have fun all
day long and the second thing will be is
to wake up skin cells at nights
especially at night from the bombardment
of what happened all day long skin goes
to sleep so we really need to wake up
the cells I'll put the back to work so
we are using active vitamin A retinol
with the proper concentration nobody
like to use retinol in the past because
it was difficult to formulate we created
genius formula with microsphere that you
put that on the skin yourself in the
morning we'll wake up and function all
day long the best in the best way you'd
like to have absolutely we don't give
you product that will make you feel good
we want to product they'll make the skin
good see there's a difference between
those and then if you feel dry we have a
functioning moisturizer no longer put
oil or water and feel good without 3 was
disturbing the skin most moisturizer
refused alone can weaken skin and can
expand sensitive so we need a
functioning moisturizer mean you can
wake up the cells enhance the removal of
dead cells restore the balance of water
and hydration of protein to the skin and
at the same time keep skin active so if
you can't take care of your skin by
cleansing yet adding strength to your
skin stimulate your skin put some
protection you got at all all right well
thank you so much and again we want
everybody to join you today and ask you
questions they'll get to actually meet
you are absolutely fantastic so if you
have any questions for dr. Obagi you can
head down to the Nordstrom's at the
village of Merrick Park you know where
that is
down in Coral Gables he will be there
from noon and tow for 4:00 p.m. today
and to set an appointment called
resident Oh Saturday shadows it it's
Saturday don't run dat will you run that
a day but come on Saturday if you want
to talk to him he will be there from
noon until 4:00 the number is seven
eight six nine nine nine one three one
three and again that Saturday from noon
until 4:00 you can get to meet dr.
Bacchi Willard over to you
mr. Trudeau thank you very much well our
next guest in many ways